I am renewing the rafuddi vows and bodhisattva vows. In order to do that, I think what we do first,
we join these lines, this may be stopped, up to the middle of this page, 65, one time, and then we
will do get out, we will do 3-4 sessions, I mean you will get out, do 3-4 sessions, I will just
follow, I will do.
While I am sitting here, I will do the kind of mudra of those 4 stations, but you will get up
unless you have some troubles with these, otherwise you will get up and do 3-4 stations.
And this time, again, we are going to fill the strong presence of the great teacher, Buddha Shatyam
uni, right in front of our sky, sitting with various postures and on the lines thrown, lot of sudden
moon, as always in the teaching making.
And Buddha is totally enlightening, which means, pre-pro all the negative videos, two obscurations,
emotional obscurations, and knowledge obscurations, all obscurations of all those negative videos,
such as anger, jealous, head and toes, and obscurations of the grasping, clinging, and that was
completely gone.
And that means, also completely free from the ego clinging in the subway and border.
Then what is Buddha? Buddha is totally embodiment of true love, true compassion, and true
resistance.
And Buddha is also a rainbow body of love and compassion, and living Buddha right now, and really
feel that strongly.
In the teaching he said, as you feel the power of the Buddhas with confidence in and prone to you,
Buddha will be right there, because Buddha don't have the distance of the time and space.
Space, only time and space is divided by our duality mind. Reality level, everything is open.
In one moment, instantly, as we think truly with the confidence and devotion, Buddha will be right
in front of us.
Really feel that, strongly, without a doubt and hesitation, intellectual thoughts, those all are
handed as obstacles.
This time feel strongly presence of Buddha as living Buddha, our great teacher, our great guidance,
our great product, our great example story,
our great role model of love and compassion, courage and commitment, and of the benefit of all
beings and helping all beings.
That great teacher showed us the teaching, which is the teaching that we practice and meditate.
When we read the teaching, it rains our air, and it rains our heart.
It's so beautiful. As we joined, the suttur of three jewels recollected, it's so perfect, so
beautiful, so moderate, so subtle, so common sense,
full of common sense, drawn to the earth. Really, teaching is so perfect.
Therefore, it says teaching is good at the beginning, when we read, when we're studying and reading
is good,
when we're also teaching second time is teaching is good, because when we're contemplating and
thinking of the meaning
and comparing with intellectually, also is good. There's no errors or mistakes, really.
And then, when teaching is thought good, because when we meditate and practice, that brings the
result as teaching means.
Really, we put your effort and courage and commitment, so teaching is so beautiful.
And that teaching, that great teacher is right here. And that teacher is also not just one
individual Buddha.
The Buddhas of all the three terms, ten directions, every enlightening, every your lineage master,
teachers came together from this Buddha.
And our great master Mohan Mohan said in teaching that we do practice always, the Buddha Sadhana.
In this time, in this land, or in this land, in this time, whatever light we follow is in the light
of the Buddha, your light, Buddha's light.
What if we follow? Whether it is the Theravada teaching, Sutra Mahayana teaching, Vaidhayana
teaching, Dzokhi teaching,
or Anathatra teaching, Aotland teaching, is all teaching with the Buddha.
The great master, Guru Pramasambhava, also mentioned, follow the teaching of the Buddha.
He said, he followed his, Buddha's teaching. Read Guru Pramasambhava teaching.
Guru Pramasambhava never contradicted teaching of the Buddha. He taught Buddha's teaching.
That's what he taught. That's what that teaching brought to debate by Guru Pramasambhava, a great
master Shandarakita.
And we have that teaching now. Everybody that follows there, no matter what.
So we all follow in light of the Buddha. And that great teacher is right here. Ready?
Today, in front, in the presence of this great teacher, right in front of his wisdom eye and
compassion,
we are renewing, restraining, our connection to the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
As you received the rafudu vowels from great, your master's teachers, whoever that is.
Today, we are actively restraining. That is what we are doing.
And it's together with the rafudu. And rafudu is, as I said earlier, you all know that.
There is no Buddhism without rafudu. There is no Buddha teaching without Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
All teachings are completely based upon Buddha, Dharma, Sangha.
Reality, entire teaching is teaching of the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, when you read the books of
the Buddha.
What else there? Really? It's all that.
Today, that, therefore, great master Atihya said, without rafudu, there is no Dharma.
There is no vowels. Every vowels, that means, patimukha vowels of the Vinaya vowels is best on the
rafudu vowels.
And bodhijata vowels or bodhisattva vowels is best on them. That means bodhisattva is teaching.
My inner teaching is best on rafudus. And vediyana teaching is also best on the bodhisattva rafudu.
Rafudu is really a foundation. Today, we are activating that.
So, that is the course. And this is so special and powerful.
And, particularly, this is a story of time, so special. That, according, and this is, the merit
story of this is also,
multiple eyes, according to the teaching, is a hundred thousand times.
Today, we put that intention forth. Really, it becomes multiple eyes.
That means, merit, when it is multiple eyes, that also, on the behind, what, on the side, or behind
the scene.
Our observations, multiple observations of the Vinaya lifetime, are really clear up.
Clear up, and lighten up, that shedding way.
So, we are activating our beautiful, glorious, innate nature, according to Zokki, what Mahayana
teaches.
Really, in order to get realization of the Zokki teaching,
all Mahamudra teachings always accommodate the merits.
And merit is so important.
Akumalaki merit, Western merit, and so, this is what we really put.
And then, next one is bodhicata. And bodhicata is the enlightenment.
It is external, we say, "Oh, we're going to get the development of the bodhicata and get Buddhahood
."
But, actually, when we do the practice of bodhicata, we're touching our goal of our own true nature
.
That is really bodhicata. Our own true nature of the mind is enlightenment.
According to Mahayana, according to everything, even in the Theravada teaching,
when you get the Arhatthuud, who will get the Arhatthuud?
There's no other who will get the Arhatthuud, except our own mind.
Our own, we cleanse and purify the naked video, or the ego cleanse and attain the Arhatthuud.
And in Mahayana teaching, we cleanse all the obstacles, we get enlightenment.
And in Vedic teaching, we purify all the obstacles and have a debate and get enlightenment.
That enlightenment, where is that? It's our Buddha-nature, our nature. It's our bodhicata.
Bodhicata, that is, we're really touching. Therefore, for that reason, what Grand Master Padramu
said,
that one thing, if you have one thing, is enough to reach enlightenment, that is bodhicata.
And that is. And then in Grand Master Padramu, this Maitri said, Maitri, the future Buddha said,
"On here, there's so many benefits of the bodhicata, but please summarize that."
It will stop the lower ring, birth to lower ring, and negativity is open the door to the
enlightenment.
And then it finally leads us to the totally beyond that and old.
What is that? That is bodhicata. So I pay homage. That is, we're there here.
This is right here. Here. Here. This is the Great Master. This is here.
In this page, with Putin, he said, "Reversing the karma of the lower rings,
showing the path to the higher rings, and finally leading to the state of the preformed old,
and in death, I pay homage to the bodhicata." That is the power of the bodhicata.
"Reached to the enlightenment, totally beyond death and birth, and getting old."
That is really the bodhicata. And when you have the bodhicata, all the sentient beings are our
friend.
Everyone has become friends. We will be as the victorious son and daughters.
From that on, we are path to the victorious.
We will defeat our obstacles, opponents of the ego-cling, negativeities.
That is really the bodhicata. And therefore, this bodhicata is so powerful, so special.
And bodhicata, of course you all know, this relative bodhicata, absolute true bodhicata,
absolute true bodhicata is zokin, direct zokin, or Mahamudra, or Pandya Paramata, teach.
That is. So this is the union of the relative bodhicata and absolute true bodhicata.
That is where we bring, it will bring and it will lead us to be win-win, win-win.
So it's so special. And today, again, we are actively restraining that, that we call it,
we are annoying with that call and meaning for all of that.
And again, we will be renewing that with the presence of the Buddha Shakyamuni, Gurupama, Sambha,
and all the Buddha's bodhisattvas, that means at bodhisattvas, particularly.
There are so many bodhisattvas, bodhisattva, similar stages of the Lamanjishiri,
and Avalokiteshara, and Mahathira, Vaidya Pali.
Those are so many in the Buddha teachings, so many bodhisattvas.
But among the at bodhisattvas, those all the at bodhisattvas are also here.
And all I have to say, everyone is right there, right in front of us, we should feel,
and then we are going to renew, react with this sense of bodhisattva.
So with those four, with full of joy, full of devotions, full of relief between this kind of,
this is one of the beautiful moment in our lives.
Truly, it is. Really, I'm not just making up that.
And because it is, we are doing this.
We are doing this because I wasn't talking to our God about how much.
Not we are not saying that, oh, I'm the great, this is the God, wrong, this is the bad, I'm the
Spirit.
We are not talking, we are simply talking to our heart.
How important, how precious of this love and the compassion and kindness
that I'm going to make that something better for us, to benefit to myself,
to all the beings from now on, under our rich enlightenment,
and all the living beings' rich enlightenment.
But that is our goal, long-lasting goal to help with that and benefit.
It's just so special and a teaching mechanism, all the great master's mechanism.
And we are following that path.
It is, again, one of the highest and well-established path of enlightenment,
path of peace and harmony, path of respect and appreciation to every living being.
So again, it's so special.
And again, thank for all of you providing spirit and reactivity, renewing this so beautiful.
So I just told you really kind of to remind that, again, even though we all know these things,
I just told you to remind each other.
And now we will do this ceremony together, okay?